the psg wants to celebrate with dignity its title of
champion of France in front of his public the
Parisians hosting 14th Montpellier
a private psg van der wiel cabaye and
thiago silva montpellier evolve out
iphone abakar montano and camara and
Parisians who want to increase the
new points record ahead of
ranking for that a victory is
necessary
Montpellier has not won
only one of his last five
matches and stays on 2 losses 2 0
the men of rolland courbis are in
full decompression
while the maintenance is assured the
Parisians who started very well at the
encounter with this first
possibility think tan ibrahimovic
the ball is pushed back by daydren n
I was going to always take them geoffrey
joudren ezequiel lavezzi followed closely
in the 2nd minute the psg leads 1 0 9th goal
of the season for the international
Argentine
a dream match for the
Parisians who start the party very well
announced
montpellier thresholds to react but the psg
has the stranglehold on the match with a
team slightly reworked the tan
ibrahimovic is well launched by javier
pastore
the Swede raises the score to 2 0 at the 20th
minute
26th goal of the season for ibrahimovic
he's obviously the top scorer of the
championship
in addition to the best player a title received
a few days before this match 2 0 is
the score at half-time in second
period it starts again very strong with
new decisive pass by javier
pastore this time for lukasz it
made it 3-0 in the 49th minute fifth goal
of the season for the young Brazilian
montpellier is struggling to exist in this
match the party is total for paris and
the public can congratulate his star player
ibrahimovic who gives up his place shortly before
the end of the match
however two parts still to
the advantage of the Parisians with this
kicks action how the balloon
released by reindeer day it's adrien
radio that popped up two minutes from the
end to bring the score to 4-0 second
purpose of the season for radio the psg that
stands out inexorably and who
wins at 4-0 in his last match
new points record in league 1 89
point for the champion of France 2e
consecutive title 4th title in total for
the capital team the psg is well
first and champions montpellier ends
the championship in 15th place
so